# About this

When Lua RTOS launches the Lua interpreter, and before the Lua prompt appears, 2 scripts are automatically executed. These scripts must be in the root directory:

1. system.lua

   This script is intended for setup the system, for example enable Lua RTOS configurations disabled by default, change default configurations, setup a network connection, etc. The system.lua script is optional, and nothing happens if it's not present in the root directory.

   Example:
   ```lua
   -- Set the syslog level
   os.loglevel(os.LOG_INFO)

   -- Show the messages generated by the syslog in the console
   os.logcons(true)

   -- Enable the shell
   os.shell(true)
   ```
1. autorun.lua

   This script is intended for setup and launch your application, and it's executed after the system.lua completion. The autorun.lua script is optional, and nothing happens if it's not present in the root directory.

   Example:
   ```lua
   -- Execute the application
   dofile("application.lua")
   ```

# Why 2 startup scripts?

During the Lua RTOS design phase, the Lua RTOS team decided to create this 2 startup scripts for allow external IDE (Integrated Development Environment) to send the application code to the board without losing the system settings. Settings goes to the system.lua script, and the application goes to the autorun.lua script.

# Can I avoid the execution of the startup scripts?

Yes. If you want to avoid the execution of the startup scripts, can connect to the Lua RTOS console using your favorite terminal emulator program, press the Ctrl-D key while Lua RTOS is booting.
 